Do the good packet captures have any TCP retransmissions? Should they have retransmissions? Why or why not?

> Yes, they do. While we want our network to be the best, it makes sense for packets of this size to have loss on this scale of a network.
> Since we are connecting wireless, it is possible to have packet loss and retransmissions no matter how good the network is, since many things can collide with wireless transmissions.

What is the worst performing host and worst performing access point when considering at least 10 different captures? What makes it worse? Was your bad capture from Part 1 better or worse?

> The worst performing host was student11.cse.nd.edu, as it had the highest min, max, mean, and median number of retransmissions.
> The worst access point was b4:0c:25:e0:80:01, as it had the highest max, mean, and median number of retransmissions.
> The median transmissions of the access points were not too far off, and it looked like on bad test may have skewed the results.
> Our server we used for our poor packet capture was the second best, and the access point was the best.

Are any of the captures so bad as to be non-functional (in terms of a client using the server)? Why or why not?

> No, as all of the packet captures were on the order of tens of thousands to over a hundred thousand packets, but no capture had more than 100 retransmissions.
> This is a loss rate of roughly ~1 to ~0.1%, which is very minimal for wireless.

Drawing more broadly and from beyond your tools, how does the latency to the CSE student machine compare to the cloud? Does that play a role in what you observed from a performance perspective? Why or why not?

> Cloud latency would be far greater, as the student machines are quick since we are on the same network as them.
> Even connecting wirelessly, there are far fewer hops to go through than compared to using the cloud.
> Thus, doing the same tests connecting to a cloud server would likely produce greater packet loss, as there are more channels for failure.